Add contributing section on Pyxis (#98)
primait/pyxis: README.md

For a specific documentation about development view the Readme on the sub-repository.

### Generate icons

Pyxis also includes a repository, `@pyxis/icons`, which contains all our SVG icons. We provided a script to turn icons into components within React and Elm.
You can generate icons by running the following command:

```sh
yarn generate:icons
```

### Build Design Tokens

Pyxis foundations is a set of constants obtained by the Design Token entities.

To generate fresh tokens, run the following command:

```sh
yarn tokens:build
```

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 💜 Contributing
```

> Pyxis is still in development (and hopefully will always be!) and often you'll find yourself stuck in creating something is currently not allowed to be done via Pyxis' apis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyxis is still in development (and hopefully will always be!) and often you'll find yourself stuck in creating something is currently not allowed to be done via Pyxis'APIs.
```

Below lies a list of possible issues you'll find when approaching Pyxis usage in your application. Each issue has a related process defined by Pyxis team in order to allow you to continue with your development.

#### 1) I want to use Pyxis but I don't have any mockup

That's a really bad situation! Pyxis is a Design System which obviously strictly relies on the guidelines defined by our Design team.

> Not only the mockup should _have been validated by designers_ but also needs to be created _by only using foundations, components and \_design tokens_ which are the basic bricks for building everything with Pyxis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only the mockup should _have been validated by designers_ but also needs to be created _by only using foundations, components and design tokens_ which are the basic bricks for building everything with Pyxis.
```

This is not a team's whim but a requirement which allow all our applications to be consistent, reduces code fragmentation and prevent unexpected behaviours when you'll manage to upgrade to the future versions of Pyxis.

#### 2) I've a mockup which defines something I'm not able to do with current apis

If you're sure that our documentation doesn't help you addressing this issue and you own a mockup which follows guidelines defined in the previous case, you can open us an issue with the following informations:

1. a **short title** which define the issue
2. a **description** of what you should do and how current apis prevents you to do that
3. **at least two reviewers** from Pyxis team which can help you in the subsequent discussion on how this issue should be solved

> 4. _[optional]_ **a suggestion** of how the issue's solution should be addressed. This will be the basic of the discussion. Keep in mind that this kind of solution should follow our code guidelines and be something each other can use. _Don't think about a solution which can only satisfies your particular need._

Reviewer: Magari possiamo specificare che si può anche proporre una PR?

Author: Vorrei fare usare solo le issues per non ritrovarci PR aperte da altri di cui non sappiamo esattamente il motivo. Passando invece dalla issue dovrebbe essere possibile al team Pyxis l'indirizzare la soluzione prima di ricevere una PR da mergiare.

> Keep in mind that Pyxis belongs to anyone in Prima, so is your responsibility to open the issue and collaborate with the Pyxis team in order to solve the problem. Opening an issue and then forgot about that is not the way things should be done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that Pyxis belongs to anyone in Prima, so it is your responsibility to open the issue and collaborate with the Pyxis team in order to solve the problem. Opening an issue and then forgetting about that is not the way things should be done.
```
